README.md, before:

Weather Info Next.js App

Description

This Weather Info application is built using Next.js and WeatherAPI to display the latest weather information for different cities. The app allows users to search for city-wise weather data, including today's hourly weather and a 7-day forecast. The app is styled using Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui components.

Features  

City-wise weather search

Hourly weather forecast for the current day

7-day weather forecast

Interactive tab navigation

Dynamic weather icons

Predefined popular cities list

Installation

Prerequisites

Node.js (v16 or later)

npm or yarn

Usage

Enter the city name in the search box and click Search.

Click on any predefined city name to view its weather.

Toggle between Today and Next 7 Days tabs to view detailed weather information.

API integration

http://api.weatherapi.com/v1/forecast.json?key=YOUR_API_KEY&q=CityName&days=7

genrate API key from 
API Service:
https://www.weatherapi.com/


Font:
https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Lexend

Commit message:

add Installation feature in readme
add Installation feature in readme

README.md, after:

Weather Info Next.js App

Description

This Weather Info application is built using Next.js and WeatherAPI to display the latest weather information for different cities. The app allows users to search for city-wise weather data, including today's hourly weather and a 7-day forecast. The app is styled using Tailwind CSS and shadcn/ui components.

Features  

City-wise weather search

Hourly weather forecast for the current day

7-day weather forecast

Interactive tab navigation

Dynamic weather icons

Predefined popular cities list

Installation

Prerequisites

Node.js (v16 or later)

npm or yarn

Installation
git clone https://github.com/vinod1390/WeatherInfoNextJs.git

Navigate to the project directory:
cd WeatherInfoNextJs

Install dependencies:
yarn install
# or
npm install

Run the development server:

yarn dev
# or
npm run dev

Open http://localhost:3000 in your browser.

Usage

Enter the city name in the search box and click Search.

Click on any predefined city name to view its weather.

Toggle between Today and Next 7 Days tabs to view detailed weather information.

API integration

http://api.weatherapi.com/v1/forecast.json?key=YOUR_API_KEY&q=CityName&days=7

genrate API key from 
API Service:
https://www.weatherapi.com/


Font:
https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Lexend
